doc(showcase): add a readme to explain how to update the screenshots for visual testing (#2489)
AmadeusITGroup/otter: CONTRIBUTING.md

1. Create an account on [Nx Cloud App](https://cloud.nx.app/)
2. Create a Personal Access Token on [profile page](https://cloud.nx.app/profile/tokens).
3. Follow [Nx Cloud instruction](https://nx.dev/ci/recipes/security/personal-access-tokens) to set up your previously generated PAT.

When building (`yarn build`) the project on the `main` branch (or another `release/*` branch), the remote cache will be downloaded.

> [!NOTE]

> > Only Otter Team members can write Remote Cache on Nx Cloud, logged-in user will be able to use Remote Cache in readonly access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Only Otter Team members can write Remote Cache on Nx Cloud, logged-in users will be able to use Remote Cache in readonly mode.
```
